Create Migration Guide (#103)
LiskHQ/lisk-migrator: README.md

$ npm test
```

> ## Lisk V4.x Migration guide
> 
> This [section](./docs/migration.md) explains how to migrate a Lisk Core v3.x node to Lisk Core v4.x using the Lisk migrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating from Lisk Core v3.x to v4.x

The [migration guide](./docs/migration.md) explains the transition process from Lisk Core v3.x to Lisk Core v4.x using Lisk Migrator v2.
```
